BigQuery WIF beta docs (#7278)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/manage-access/set-up-bigquery-oauth.md

:::

> <Constant name="cloud" /> supports developer [OAuth](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/authentication) with BigQuery, providing an additional layer of security for dbt enterprise users. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Constant name="cloud" /> supports [OAuth](https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/authentication) with BigQuery, providing an additional layer of security for dbt enterprise users. 
```

## Set up BigQuery native OAuth

> When BigQuery OAuth is enabled for a <Constant name="cloud" /> project, all <Constant name="cloud" /> developers must authenticate with BigQuery in order to use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. 

Author: ```suggestion
When BigQuery OAuth is enabled for a <Constant name="cloud" /> project, all <Constant name="cloud" /> developers must authenticate with BigQuery to access development tools, such as the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. 
```

> When BigQuery OAuth is enabled for a <Constant name="cloud" /> project, all <Constant name="cloud" /> developers must authenticate with BigQuery in order to use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. The project's deployment environments will still leverage the BigQuery service account key set in the project credentials.

Reviewer: Is this still just the Cloud IDE or would it include Cloud CLI too?

Reviewer: also below 🤔

Author: Updated the language to be broader

> When BigQuery OAuth is enabled for a <Constant name="cloud" /> project, all <Constant name="cloud" /> developers must authenticate with BigQuery in order to use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. The project's deployment environments will still leverage the BigQuery service account key set in the project credentials.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When BigQuery OAuth is enabled for a <Constant name="cloud" /> project, all <Constant name="cloud" /> developers must authenticate with BigQuery in order to use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />. 
```

> Select **Allow**. This redirects you back to <Constant name="cloud" />. You should now be an authenticated BigQuery user, ready to use the <Constant name="cloud_ide" />.

Author: ```suggestion
Select **Allow**. This redirects you back to <Constant name="cloud" />. You are now an authenticated BigQuery user and can begin accessing dbt development tools. 
```

## Set up BigQuery Workload Identity Federation <Lifecycle status='beta,managed'/> 

> Workload Identity Federation (WIF) allows application workloads, running externally to dbt Cloud, to act as a service account without the need to manage service accounts or other keys. The following instructions will enable you to authenticate your BigQuery connection in dbt Cloud using WIF. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workload Identity Federation (WIF) allows application workloads, running externally to dbt Cloud, to act as a service account without the need to manage service accounts or other keys for deployment environments. The following instructions will enable you to authenticate your BigQuery connection in dbt Cloud using WIF. 
```

Reviewer: Also is there a good place to call out that we only support Entra today? I just realized it's hidden in the next paragraph. We want to create this in a way that will make it easier to update when we support SAML/Okta

In dbt Cloud: 

1. Navigate to **Account settings** --> **Integrations** 
2. Scroll down to the section for **Custom OAuth Integrations** and create a new integration, 
3. Fill out all fields with the appropriate information from your IdP environment.
    - The Application ID URI should be set to the expected audience claim on tokens issued from the Entra application. It will be the same URI your workpool provider has been configured to expect.
    - You do not have to add the Redirect URI to your Entra application

### Create connections in dbt Cloud

To get started, create a new connection in dbt Cloud:

1. Navigate to **Account settings** --> **Connections**.
2. Click **New connection** and select **BigQuery** as the connection type. Reminder, don't select **BigQuery (Legacy)**.
3. For the **Deployment Environment Authentication Method**, select **Workload Identity Federation**.
4. Fill out the **Google Cloud Project ID** and any optional settings you need.
5. Select the OAuth Configuration you created in the previous section from the drop-down. 
6. Configure your development connection: 

>     - BigQuery OAuth (recommended)

Reviewer: I don't know if we should redirect upward - to that section. Is that overkill?

>     - BigQuery OAuth (recommended)

Author: ```suggestion
    - [BigQuery OAuth](#bigquery-oauth) (recommended)
```
